What Git concepts were you struggling with prior to the GPS session?
    I was struggling with the language around pulling and pushing files. I understood the basics of Git and GitHub, but needed to practice. 
What concepts were clarified during the GPS?
    GitHub workflow was clarified for me during the GPS. I had a moment while I was driving when I pushed the wrong file to GitHub. At first I thought I hadn't saved my file before commiting it. However, upon second look, I had saved it. So, upon second reflection, I think I pushed my local master branch rather than my feature branch. We merged that branch and the result was an incomplete file. The other option was that we pushed the branch before I committed it. Looking back, I'm a little unclear what happened. 
    What I learned from this was to make sure to use proper GitHub and Git flow and to double check to make sure I'm in the right file/am pushing the right file to GitHub.
What questions did you ask your pair and the guide?
    I asked my pair, Emilia, and the guide for help with git fetch. I hadn't done that before, so the syntax was new. I also asked Emily if she'd ever added a photo to a markdown file before, but she had not. We looked it up, found our answers and made it work.
What still confuses you about Git?
    I don't know if it is possible/how to add and commit more than one file at once. Plus, as described above in question two, I'm not entirely sure where I (or we) went wrong. We fixed it pretty easily, but I don't know what step I missed. The good result in the end was that we worked together to solve the issue and the GitHub file is complete.
How was your first experience of pairing in a GPS?
    My first pair was great. We worked well through the first section of the challenge. Emilia started with driving and I navigated. I found, once or twice, that I jumped in to correct her syntax or point something out. I then realized that I wanted to ask her if that was okay. We talked about it and realized that we hadn't discussed in our check in how we wanted to pair, so we filled in that info and moved on well. We asked each other questions and talked about how we were doing along the way. We (or I) got a little stressed when we noticed our issue, but we worked our way through it together step by step and I was proud of our accomplishment in the end. Overall, a great pairing experience. 